what's going down everybody at you man
pro Diggy from the chaos group which you
could call me Diggy if you like and
welcome to diggie's quickies and welcome
to that first blood and a biscuit oh
shit another biscuit um so anyway like I
said welcome to Diggy's quickies it's a
new series that I'm gonna be doing when
I just have random ass shit to talk
about that it's like really fast like a
short commentary with no real specific
subject matter I don't know how many of
these there will be but it's just kind
of there in case I have one of these
quick commentaries so this is going to
be episode 1 of diggie's quickies first
things first I'm going to get into
really quick is the Flex situation okay
for those of you that saw it I did read
a lot of comments it seems like there's
a lot of confusion here on what's going
on me and flex are still friends okay
basically I'm gonna get a two piece and
basically what's going on is we're still
friends we don't hate each other we're
not fighting anything like that I was
just expressing my opinion on the
situation the thing that that upset me
was is that he didn't tell me the real
reason why he was moving okay at least
in my opinion now he may in his mind
this may all be like legit but from what
I the way I can see it my perspective on
it is that he wanted to move in with
Danielle but he just didn't want to
admit to me that he wanted to move in
with Danielle and the excuse he gave me
was he needs to do something with his
life and this and that and whatever else
and I'm sorry but living with Danielle
or your parents or your grandparents as
opposed to living here with me is not
going to make you do any better in your
life if you wanted to do something with
your life you could do it here you could
do it there you could do it anywhere
it's it's not about where you are it's
about having the motivation to fucking
do it in the first place so if you
really want to change your life you
could do it from anywhere I mean I've
never really talked about this but at
one point in my life when I was about 19
I was actually homeless well I'm not
homeless anymore you know what I mean
like
you you do what you gotta do no matter
what the situation is if you really want
to get it done you know what I mean and
I know all of you are gonna wonder about
the homeless thing maybe i'll talk about
in the commentary it's not like i'm
embarrassed about or anything it was
just a fucked up situation etc etc you
know i'm sure you know there's plenty of
other people have been there maybe i'll
talk about in the commentary well but
that'll be more of like a serious you
know mmm it's very sad commentary but
anyway hmm so like I said I don't want
you guys think that we're fighting or
we're not friends we've been friends for
like almost 15 years it's gonna take a
little bit more than you know him being
vague as he usually is which I'm used to
because I've known him for so long it's
gonna take a little more than that to
make it to where our friendship is
completely over you know it's it's
different you know we don't see each
other very often we don't hang out much
which I figured was going to happen
anyway but you know it is what it is so
enough about that bullshit so for those
of you that thought those things it's
incorrect I just wanted to correct you
guys real fast ok next thing is I'm
going to be streaming tonight on Twitch
probably around seven or eight pm-ish
pacific time for those of you that don't
know what time it is pacific time like
for you guys or whatever the only things
i can suggest is either a you can google
it like google time in california or Los
Angeles or whatever and it'll show right
there at the top and updated time of
what time it is at that moment and then
you could kind of figure out compared to
what time it is where you are and do a
little bit of math etc or you could if
you have a computer you have windows you
can just change your timezone to Pacific
and then you'll see what time it is
where I am so anyway but like I said I'm
gonna be streaming I will be playing
with subs as usual um I'm gonna you know
play a couple of warm-up games like I
usually do but then I'll get some subs
in there and what not and you know it
should be a lot of fun so you guys come
hang out and everything the link will be
in the description for those of you that
don't know my twitch link or whatever
another Pro c4 ok so i guess finally is
I have a new SMG specialist setup and a
couple of people were interested in
knowing what it is and why ok so
basically my my main my go-to specialist
setup is always going to be sliding a a
slide a hand
red line and sitrep all pro of course
and for assault rifles I usually went
with like quick-draw and then assassin
and then like scavenger or something
like that well for smgs I realized that
I didn't need quick draw because smgs
are light you're already moving quick
you can bring up the gun pretty fast and
the hipfire is pretty good so there's
really no reason to have quick draw so I
changed it to dead silence because if
you have a headset dead silence with
sitrep pro is fucking amazing cigarette
pros pretty good but with dead silence
it's just that much better because you
can hear fucking everything and it's
great so I switched to that as far as
the scavenger assassin thing goes that I
have going on here because i have sitrep
scavenger assassin you can switch those
around I just preferred to have
scavenger because sometimes I'll put a
couple of bullets into a dude but not
get the kill because it's long range or
something and then now I'm lower on ammo
and stuff and I just don't like running
out of ammunition and stuff like that so
I just put scavenger there and then
assassin you guys can kind of do however
you like or whatever but that's pretty
much how how that's been running I
actually have been playing a little
different I'll get into that in another
commentary that might help you guys even
though I know I'm not like the best
player in the world but I might be able
to give you some advice for those of you
that are struggling with mw3 and then
last thing before I get the fuck out of
here is you've noticed in the last few
videos I have this little screen up at
the end that's got a couple of videos in
it and you know it says subscribe biggie
smalls whatever so what I'm doing is I'm
putting my last two commentaries up
there so you guys can just click on them
if you haven't seen them so say you
missed them in your sub box or whatever
you guys can go do that if you click
where it says subscribe it'll take you
to the subscription page and subscribe
to me if you haven't subscribed yet and
if you click on the diggy the little
avatars head or the smalls area right
there at the top it'll take you to the
main channel page so you know if you
guys haven't seen in some of my previous
videos if you missed them in your sub
boxes they'll be there at the end of my
videos so anyway that's it I'm getting
the fuck out of here this big man pro
digging from a mother fucking chaos crew
but you can call me Diggy if you like
don't forget as always to like comment
subscribe
and i'll see you in my sights